Customer Group and Shared Catalog limitations by Websites (#1087)
magento/merchdocs: src/customers/customer-groups.md

1. Select the **Tax Class** that applies to the group.

1. Select the **Excluded Website(s)** that you want to [exclude from the group](https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.4/extension-dev-guide/indexer-optimization.html#customer-group-limitations-by-websites).

> No websites are excluded by default. To select multiple values, hold down the Ctrl key (PC) or the Command key (Mac) and click each option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   No websites are excluded by default. To select multiple values, hold down the Ctrl key (PC) or the Command key (Mac) and click each option.
```

1. Select the **Tax Class** that applies to the group.

> 1. Select **Excluded Website(s)** that you want to [exclude from the group](https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.4/extension-dev-guide/indexer-optimization.html#customer-group-limitations-by-websites). No websites are excluded by default. Use Ctrl+Click to check several values or uncheck value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select the **Excluded Website(s)** that you want to [exclude from the group](https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.4/extension-dev-guide/indexer-optimization.html#customer-group-limitations-by-websites).

No websites are excluded by default. To select multiple values, hold down the Ctrl key (PC) or the Command key (Mac) and click each option.
```
